[Music]
My name is Carlos Cruz, I'm a partner
of work and friend of henry yesterday when
We were in a hill at the site of the
acts
we find the following scenes in the
henry's camera
same
the
here is the one with the team placed but
it is observed here in the bottom part that
He does not have his legs tied here
follow the strap
here the helmet is already entering but
The legs are free and you will see strap
they would look over the jean
the instructor is accommodating himself in his
team example is command him alone his
team without having knowledge of that
because he was not for apprentice
they installed tourist like anyone who
go
to feel the sensation and the strap looks
pendant
here you are giving directions how
is the exit the strap is observed
still here
here they are reviewing the equipment but
I do not know how the Lord maybe for having
put this we are made observe or note
that he did not tie his legs
here already at the exit where in the first
pull that gives the parachute like no
is tied here the belt is observed
free and he
you almost never meet here
here I know here mark the strap where you
see that she had to go was tied to
Leg
consequently when they are already in the
air here you would have to see the color of
backpack that was black on the part of
back and gray on the sides this color
yellow that you see here is the
the jacket or whatever he is going is hanging
of the arms and by the shape of
legs in which dad is
kicking trying to accommodate and the
that I was desperate but to try and
as he does because he is not insured
in this photo the distance is still
note the yellow of the jacket and the
light color of jean
here you can still see the light color
but in this last picture by giving them a no
you see no light color or yellow in
distance
the lifeless body of henry navia of 48
years official of the secretariat of
Cali health was found in the area
rural of hill valley peasants of the
region witnessed the accident the
paraglider pilot that by the nerves
a crisis
of the person who was talking to him
and consciously released the insurance
seat where he was and he
slipped these photographs will be part
of the investigation to establish the
responsibility over this death
[Music]